.\" In .TH, FOO should be all caps, SECTION should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parms are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.\"
.\" This template provided by Tom Christiansen <tchrist@jhereg.perl.com>.
.\"
.\" From Debian package 'man-db':
.\" /usr/share/doc/man-db/examples/manpage.example 
.\" .TH FOO SECTION
.TH SOFSIP_CLI 1
.SH NAME
sofsip_cli \- console-mode SIP VoIP/IM client
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B sofsip_cli
[ options ] 
.I sip-contact-addr
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Putting a newline after each sentence can generate better output.
Sofsip_cli is a small SIP VoIP/IM client based on
the Sofia-SIP libraries, and the gstreamer media 
subsystem.
.SH OPTIONS
The following command-line options can be used to modify sofsip_cli
behaviour: 
.TP
.BR --autoanswer
If given, answer incoming call automatically without prompting the user.
Defaults to 'FALSE'.
.TP
.BR --contact\ SIP URI
The SIP contact address. E.g., "sip:*:50600" to bind to all local IP
addresses with port 50600. You can also specify additional transport
parameters, e.g. "sip:*:5060;transport=tcp,udp". Defaults to
"sip:local-interface-ip:5060".
.TP
.BR --media-addr \ ip-address
Local interface that should be used by the RTP/RTCP stack.
.TP
.BR --media-impl \ {dummy,gstreamer,farsight}
Select which media implementation to use.
.TP
.BR --proxy\ SIP URI
Use a SIP proxy for outgoing message. Defaults to an emptry string (no
outgoing proxy used).
.TP
.BR --stun-server\ hostname
The STUN server address to use for NAT traversal. If no server
is specified, sofsip_cli tries to find the STUN server address
from the DNS-SRV records of the SIP address domain. Defaults to 
an emptry string.
.TP
.I sip-public-addr
The public SIP address (AOR) to use. E.g. "sip:first.surname@foobar.com".
Defaults to "sip:local-interface-ip".
.TP
See also the ENVIRONMENT section.
.SH EXAMPLES
To be defined.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
Sofsip_cli understands the following environment variables.
.TP
.BR SOFSIP_ADDRESS
AoR (URI), e.g. "sip:first.surname@domain.com".
Defaults to "sip:local-interface-ip".
.TP
.BR SOFSIP_PROXY
SIP outbound proxy (URI), e.g. "sip:sip-proxy.domain.com".
Defaults to an emptry string (no proxy used).
.TP
.BR SOFSIP_REGISTRAR
SIP registrar/server (URI), e.g. "sip:sip-server.domain.com".
Defaults to an emptry string (no registrar specified).
.TP
.BR SOFSIP_CERTDIR
Directory where to look for TLS certificates (filesystem path).
Defaults to "$HOME/.sip/auth".
.TP
.BR SOFSIP_STUN_SERVER
Specify the STUN server address to use. If empty, the stack may
perform a DNS SRV look-up for a STUN server advertized by the
home domain of the user. Defaults to "".
.TP
.BR SOFSIP_AUDIO
Specify a configuration hint for audio device subsystem selection.
The text should match a GStreamer plugin description for certain
audio device subsystem. Whether the hint is taken into consideration
or not, depends on the media implementation selected.
Defaults to "ALSA" (other alternatives "OSS", "OSX", and so on).
.TP

.BR TPORT_LOG
An internal Sofia-SIP variable. If set to "1", received and sent
signaling messages are printed out to stdout. This is a very useful
mechanism for debugging.
.SH AUTHOR
See AUTHORS file in the sofsip-cli distribution package.
.SH HISTORY
Based on 'nua_cli' from the sofia-sip package.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.\" Always quote multiple words for .SH
To be defined...
